What is array ?

If we follow the data structure or traditional array defination then we say that the
array is the collection of contiguos memory location with homogeneous data element,that
means we cannot modify the size of the array.

But,in Javascript the defination of array is totally changed,the array is the collection
of element.

We can store everything in array,like string,object,number etc.There's no restriction,
and the Javascript array is resizable.

Characteristic of array:-

1.Javascript array is resizable and can contain mix o different data type.

2.In Javascript each element of array defines by a special number called index number.
Javascript follow 0-based indexing.

3.Javascript array copy operation creates a swallow copy,that means when you want to
duplicate a array,the new array holds the reference of previous array.

4.Array is mutable in nature.

5.If we get accesed the >=length index then we get undefined.

Reference type:-

In Javascript array is object. means when it's created,it creat on heap memory,thus
it's create on heap memory it's reference type.

Before going to array method==>

Before going to array method,we will discuss about what's mutating method and what's 
immutating method?

mutating method is those method,when we applying that method on a particular thing,then
the orginal thing will be modified and new object is not created.

For better clarity we take a string method called toUpperCase it's a immutating method,
so when we apply that on a string,then new string will be created and if we consider
array push method then it will push item end of the array,no new array created.


Memory representation of array?

Array created on the heap.

var a=[1,2,3];

array a created on the heap,now the a means [1,2,3] has a memory location,that will assign
on the variable of a in the stack.That means reference will assign on the variable.

suppose if I do var b=a; then js compiler won't create another array b,it's just assign
the reference of a on b.

That's all the basics facts of the array.

Happy Coding.